Enhanced README: Contribution Guidelines, TOC, and Overview (#2504)
matrix-org/matrix.org: README.md

## Matrix.org Website

# Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Building the Website](#building-the-website)
- [Contribution Guidelines](#contribution-guidelines)
- [Contact Us](#contact-us)

# Overview

> Matrix.org is a decentralized, open standard for real-time communication which allows users to collaborate in public and private rooms over IP. Matrix's purpose is to allow users to text and call without thinking about what app or phone the other user has. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matrix.org is an open standard for decentralised, secure communications while also allowing you to bridge to other networks easily.

This Repository covers our main website.

For spec please take a look at https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-spec
For the conference website take a look at https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-conf-website
```

## Building the website
To contribute or run the website locally, follow the instructions below:
1. '''
git clone https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org.git

> cd matrix.org

Reviewer: This seems to not be working with Github Markdown. Could you fix that please? Have a look at the rich diff button on the top right of this file to see how it is being rendered

'''
2. Ensure Zola is installed, otherwise install the latest version of [Zola](https://www.getzola.org)
From the root repo run the following command
```
zola serve
```

Zola will build the website and start a web server, usually at
http://127.0.0.1:1111

3. To build the website for production, run the command:
'''
zola build

> '''

Reviewer: Same as the other comment

## Contribution Guidelines
1. Fork the reposity (https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix.org.git)
2. Clone your fork to your local computer 
3. Create a new branch and implement changes using
'''

> git checkout -b <yourBranchName>

Reviewer: Same as the other comment

> 4. Submit a pull request (PR)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Submit a pull request
```

# Contact Us

## Community

> If you have any questions about the project or your contribution, you may join the various community chats on https://matrix.to/#/#matrix.org-website:matrix.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any questions about the project or your contribution, you may join our room https://matrix.to/#/#matrix.org-website:matrix.org
```
